- [[Propositional Logic]]
- [[Relational Logic]]
- [[Non-Monotonic Logic]]
- Rule-based system
- Probabilistic Reasoning
-
- # Semantic Network
	- What
		- A semantic network is a graphic notation for representing knowledge in patterns of interconnected nodes
		- it represents knowledge or supports reasoning
		- a form of knowledge representation
		- The structural idea is that knowledge can be stored in the form of graphs, with nodes representing objects in the world, and arcs representing relationships between those objects
	- How
		- Semantic nets consist of nodes, links and link labels. In these network diagrams, nodes appear in the form of circles or ellipses or even rectangles which represent objects such as physical objects, concepts or situations.
		- Links appear as arrows to express the relationships between objects, and link labels specify relations.
	- Why good
		- Semantic Networks Are Majorly Used For
			- They are simple and can be easily implemented and understood.
			- The semantic network is more natural than the logical representation;
			- The semantic network has a greater expressiveness compared to logic.
	- Why not good
		- There is no standard definition for link names
		- Semantic Nets are not intelligent, dependent on the creator
		- Links on object represent only binary relations
		- sparsed in knowledge -> makanya ada OOR
	- What type
		- Definitional Networks
			- These networks emphasize and deal with only the subtype or is a relation between a concept type and a newly defined subtype.
			- A producing network is referred to as a generalization hierarchy.
			- It supports the inheritance rule for duplicating attributes.
		- Assertion Networks
			- Assertion Networks – Designed to assert propositions is intended to state recommendations. Most data in an assertion network is genuine unless it is marked with a modal administrator. Some assertion systems are even considered as the model of the reasonable structures underlying the characteristic semantic natural languages.
		- Implicational Networks
			- – Uses Implication as the primary connection for connecting nodes. These networks are also used to explain patterns of convictions, causality and even deductions.
		- Executable Network-
			- Contains mechanisms that can cause some changes to the network itself by incorporating some techniques, for example, such as attached procedures or marker passing which can perform path messages, or associations  and searches for patterns
		- Learning Networks
			- These are the networks that build and extend their representations by acquiring knowledge through examples. Contain mechanisms in such networks brings changes within the network itself through representation by securing information. A classic example could be like, the changing of new information from the old system by including and excluding nodes and arcs, or by changing numerical qualities called weights, and connected with the arcs and nodes.
		- Hybrid Networks
			- Networks that combine two or more of previous techniques, either in a single network or in a separate, but closely interacting network Hybrid network has been clearly created to implement ideas regarding human cognitive mechanisms, while some are created generally for computer performance.
	-
-
- # Object Oriented Representation
	- What
		- As KB grows, it becomes critical to organize them in some
		  way.
		- cara organize knowledge base
	- Why
		- General knowledge representation is flat. Knowledge about a
		  given object or type of object could be scattered around the
		  knowledge base.
	- When
		- stereotypical knowledge
			- Frame is proposed by Minsky (1975) to define stereotype
			  situations. Example:
			  ○ birds as prototypical objects with a general property
			  that most birds can fly though there are exceptions.
	-
-
- # Description Logic
	- Why
		- OOR: Objects naturally fall into categories, but are
		  very often thought of as being members of
		  multiple categories (e.g. I am a person, a
		  parent, and a mother)
		- It is also natural for categories with more
		  complex descriptions (e.g. a family with three
		  children is a family that is not childless) →
		  need more relations than is-a & instance-of
		- Description Logics has ability to represent other
		  kinds of relationships between concepts, beyond
		  IS-A and INSTANCE-OF relationships.
		- Represent Complex Concept
	- What
		- a logical system working mainly with descriptions.
		- Concept (category, basic classes of objects) and role
		  (relation that describe objects that are parts or attributes
		  or properties of other objects). Analogy: frame and slot.
		- Concepts are being organized into a generalization
		  hierarchy.
		- A KB in a description logic is considered to be any
		  collection of sentences
		- Reasoning in a description logic means calculating
		  entailments.
		- are a family of knowledge representation lan-
		  guages that can be used to represent the knowledge of an application domain in
		- a structured and formally well-understood way.
-
- # Ontology
-
- # Semantic Web
-
- # Knowledge Graph
-
- # Case Based Reasoning